[Music]
you ain't trying to make me believe in
reincarnation are you because you're
pretty bet you meet her she got killed
still no arrests how come I wonder cuz
there ain't no God in the whole world's
empty and it doesn't matter what we do
to each other I hope not I don't know
what the police are doing
I hadn't heard a word from them and said
goddamn - I'll tell you this I've heard
an awful lot for them since I put them
billboards up
[Music]
where you keep a case in the public eye
the better your chances are getting it
solved
and take me down the resume there there
nothing to rescue for oh yeah you wait
if I had some food I'd give it to you
well I got us some Doritos they might
kill you they're kind of pointy then
where would we be